docs: fix the link to example tests (#2726)
PrQL/prql: web/book/tests/examples/README.md

> # PRQL document tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PRQL documentation tests
```

> This directory contains tests for example PRQL code on documents (website, book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains tests for PRQL documentation  (website, book
```
